(Episode 29)
- See here. - Okay.
- Here. - Right.
Ji A, there is no end in peeling these.
I already took off the peels. What are you doing?
- You should just cut them in half. - What?
- Are you out of eggs? - Half?
Look in the fridge beside you.
- I'll do it. move. - I'll do it. I'll do it.
- You should clean this up. - Hand that to me.
Just leave me alone! It's confusing.
Just leave it.
- I can do it. - It's burning.
- Please. - Move over.
- Just let me do this myself. - Just move over.
I can do this.
Are you here?
They all had something to say to you.
Would that be all right?
We will be moving out tomorrow.
We won't be seeing each other again,
so I suggested we eat together one last time.
All of us cooked together today.
Make sure to clean properly before you leave...
since we will never see each other again.
Right. Okay.
We will clean up the place with bleach.
We will be moving out tomorrow.
We won't be seeing each other again,
so I suggested we eat together one last time.
It's so simple for him, isn't it?
How can he say that so easily?
Wow. I can eat it too now.
Yes.
- Try this. I brought it from home. - Okay.
How is it?
It's good.
- Gosh, it must be really good. - Really?
Ji A, when did you start cooking?
A few days ago.
I ate too much already.
Is it bad?
Well...
- Are you sure it's good? - Yes.
But,
I'll do the cooking from now on.
- Why? What's wrong? - Yes, you should.
- It's good. You should try some. - I don't eat meat.
Since when?
- You're annoying. - Since when?
It's best if Ji A doesn't cook.
You're better at cooking.
So are you feeling better?
I'm getting better.
Sitting here together likes this...
reminds me of the first day he invited us over.
I miss that. I miss it.
When? I don't remember it.
Kim Min Kyu invited people over for food?
The thing is...
When we told him we would take Aji 3 away,
he was so scared.
He prepared a feast and invited us to persuade us.
Guess what Min Kyu called us then.
Researcher one.
- Two. - Three.
Is it three strikes, and we're out?
It's a tremendous improvement.
It's all thanks to me, isn't it?
- His food was really good. - It was delicious indeed.
What was the point? You ignored me.
Beetle. It's a gift for you.
Why?
Well,
we don't know when we'll see each other again.
We might never see each other again..
We thought about it,
and we only received things from you.
We never gave you anything before.
But...
you're rich and have everything you need.
We thought Beetle would be...
the best present we could give you.
Beetle can make friends with Pretty.
We upgraded it last night.
The batteries will last longer, and it has more expressions now.
It won't be as good as Aji 3,
but it'll be able to keep you company when you're bored.
Min Kyu.
I'm really sorry.
When we leave,
I hope you forget all bad memories...
and remember only the good memories.
Of you can just forget about everything if you want.
No.
What do you mean?
Don't you like our gift?
What am I supposed to do if that breaks?
Do you expect me to fix it by myself? I don't know how to.
Or do you want me to just throw it away at a junk shop?
"A junk shop"?
Doctor Hong.
I think we're done eating.
We should go now.
Just stay.
What?
Just stay here.
Why are you trying to go outside when it's this cold?
Just stay here at my house.
You're right. I heard it's really cold today.
Ji A, can you give me some more rice then?
Min Kyu, should we drink some beer then?
I still have that huge chicken we last had together.
- You still have that? - You do?
Do you own a chicken farm?
- Then we should eat that. - Do you sell chicken?
You must raise a lot of chickens.
Yes. You'll be a military robot.
The world's most dangerous weapon.
Am I not supposed to live with humans?
You're just a product owned by a man.
This man.
You do not exist as a living creature.
Hi, Aji 3.
Currently operating Master Mode.
Friend Mode.
- Did you call me? - Hey, it works.
Aji 3, we're friends now.
No, we're a family.
Aji 3, remember this.
You'll be living with humans as their friend and family.
Is that what I am?
Yes. I hope we get along well.
I'm sorry, Aji 3.
You can keep sleeping.
Why?
I like it...
when you look at me.
But...
you look sad right now.
You're wrong.
I'm happy right now.
Min Kyu.
Remember how I look and feel right now.
It upsets me when you lie to me.
You're right.
I'm sad.
I found you.
But the Santa Maria Research Team...
lost Aji 3.
That's why I'm sad.
I don't know about anyone else,
but I know very well...
that you tried...
everything you could today...
to protect Aji 3.
Will you remember this?
Wherever you may be,
I'll always be by your side.
You did well.
I'm sorry.
You can cry.
I'm sure you're more upset than I am.
That's not true.
I know you're sadder about this.
We still have time until the final contract.
So I should try to come up with a way until the very end, right?
That's more like you.
Let's see.
(Reply: A reinvestigation regarding Chairman Park Sung Jin's death)
(Inbox)
I...
I think I found a way to bring Aji 3 back.
What? Is it that fascinating to see me drive too?
Yes, it's fascinating.
Why didn't he use his blinkers?
Did you get butterflies?
Hey. Don't distract me while I'm driving.
[VIU Ver] E29 I'm Not a Robot "Aji 3 Disappeared?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Go on. - I'll be back soon.
Welcome.
Hello, Mr. Kim.
Madam...
- X? - Madam X told me to meet you here.
Martin is a criminal on Interpol's blacklist.
Murder, fraud, instigating arson.
He committed many crimes,
but he wasn't held accountable due to lack of evidence.
If Jang Doo Sam's recording has something on Martin,
we can contact Interpol...
and have them put him in the witness protection program.
We'll have just one look, okay?
Thanks, Uncle.
I won't leave until I see her. I'll wait.
Right here.
I will see her.
Okay, how many times do I have to tell you?
I said you can see her.
Why would you keep saying that?
I'll wait.
I think Jang Doo Sam disappeared the day I met him with Doctor Hong.
I sent a text,
but I'm not sure if he'll come.
Was it 2pm?
We don't have much time.
Anyway,
when did my sister...
become your driver?
Oh, that's... I'm sorry.
Jang Doo Sam.
Have a seat.
How will you protect me?
You'll be protected by Interpol's witness protection program.
Here's the information on where you can stay...
and what to do.
I know...
what you did to stay alive.
You can't trust anyone.
You can't be sure if you're with someone who'll help or not.
You don't want to live like that,
but you know of no other way.
I know very well what that is like.
Jang Doo Sam. Take my hand.
I will...
offer you that way.
This is the recording I told you about.
Can you do it before 2pm?
Please do.
How did it go?
You did it?
Now, the problem is getting there before the signing ceremony. Well...
Yes, I'll call you as soon as I find Aji 3 after I get there.
Okay.
Don't worry, I'll get you there.
Gosh, this is...
(Sale of Daeyang Shipbuilding's RnD Team)
We shall now begin the ceremony for selling Daeyang Shipbuilding's...
RnD Team.
- Congratulations. - And to you. Shall we?
Sure.
President Martin?
I'm afraid we cannot proceed...
with the transaction of Team Santa Maria today.
Also, we are going to cancel all of our contracts...
with Bold Corporation.
Kim Min Kyu.
It's all over. What do you think you're doing?
We're here, sir.
You're right.
It's all over.
For you.
(Sale of Daeyang Shipbuilding's RnD Team)
Hwang Do Won.
You're arrested for the murder of Daeyang's chairman, Park Sung Jin.
- What's going on? - Murder?
You must come with us to give a statement.
No. We refuse to go anywhere.
Mr. Martin.
Let's go.
Things will get worse.
No.
This is it.
What the heck?
- What? - Martin came for her,
but Aji 3's gone.
Where did Aji 3 go?
Hi.
Aji 3 disappeared?
Let's go home.
(GPS removed)
(No network connection)
Shoot! Damn it!
The police have gotten involved.
We need to leave the country immediately.
Those things that we discussed in front of the Aji 3 last night.
You have no idea what I had to go through to get the Aji 3 here.
I killed that old fool, Park, myself.
We're going to have to delete all of Aji 3's data.
Make sure it's completely wiped. Are we clear on this?
If anything goes wrong, you'll be the one taking the fall.
Look at her.
She must feel so cold.
What's she wearing? It's so thin.
I was crossing the road yesterday,
and everyone...
looked like trees to me.
It was as if I was walking through a forest.
Some of the trees looked interesting,
and I wanted to touch some of them.
Hey, Aji 3 went outside on her own.
What is happening?
What? Aji 3 walked out on her own?
She couldn't have gone far.
Ji A and Min Kyu are looking around the area.
It's too cramped. Go away.
This bench is made for three people. It is not cramped.
It's too cramped for me.
Aren't you scared of me?
No matter how you look, you are all humans to me.
"All humans"?
Here.
Hold my hand.
You have a beautiful hand.
What?
Aren't you cold?
Where are you going dressed like that?
Home.
Where is your home?
Where my friends and family are.
Where is that?
It's a place I can recharge myself.
Then don't wander around and go straight home.
Or you will end up like me.
What does it mean to end up like you?
I have no one to see.
There is no one waiting for me.
No one is interested in me either.
I am interested in you.
What kind of person are you?
Here. Take this to pay for the bus.
You know how to take the bus, right?
Get going. Your family must be worried.
Hurry up, and go.
You're disturbing me.
Chairman Hwang, are you going to keep being like this?
(DVR, REC010.M)
Chairman Hwang, are you behind what happened to Chairman Park?
Remember this. You don't know anything.
That's the only way for you and your family to stay alive.
Will you still keep your silence?
Let's talk when my attorney gets here.
I'm leaving tonight.
Do everything you can to get the Aji 3 back.
If you can't make it happen, destroy it.
I don't want anyone else getting their hands on it.
Listen. I know that Hwang acquired those shares illegally.
I was the one who gave him the money to do it.
Which means, if you don't do what I tell you to do,
your father will be the one to get hurt.
We're all in this together, you know?
Is it true what the detectives said?
Did father...
really murder Chairman Park?
That's not true.
Then who was it?
Mr. Yoon.
It was President Martin.
However, there is no evidence.
Your father looked over his crime,
in return for the rebate.
That's what Martin meant when he said...
that we're in it together.
Father...
looked over the crime?
It would be best...
to have Martin leave the country and get the chairman an acquittal.
In order to do this, we have to make Director Ye come to our side.
That is the only way to get rid of Director Kim Min Kyu.
Both Martin and Chairman Hwang will be after her.
We must find her before them no matter what.
Why am I suddenly getting the feeling...
that Aji 3 will go home?
If I were her, I would think of home first.
(Home of KM Financial's Director Kim Min Kyu)
(Directions: Bus 310)
Excuse me, have you seen a woman in a pink dress?
(KM Financial)
I found out where Aji 3 is headed.
She is heading to Director Kim Min Kyu's mansion.
Don't lose her. Get her no matter what.
It doesn't matter even if she breaks.
You tried really hard.
Let's sit over there.
Sit right here. I'll be just behind you.
Thank you.
You're pretty.
Bus number 7700 will be arriving soon.
She just got on a bus.
Dr. Hong.
Aji 3 just got on a bus.
(Santa Maria Research Team)
Are we leaving without seeing her then?
- We waited long enough. - Okay.
Hey, you need to focus. Drive properly!
There...
It... It's Aji 3!
Hey, it's your lucky day.
Aji 3.
Aji 3, where are you going?
Home.
I'll give you a ride. Get in.
Get in. Get in.
Get in.
Okay.
What is this?
Get them.
- Open up. - Open it.
- Hey. - Open the door.
- Are these people scary? - Hey!
- Yes. - Get out!
- They're scary. - Hold tight!
Aji 3, we'll protect you.
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)